README.md, before:

# Magic Mirror
A modular Magic Mirror software solution with API's for external hardware interaction.


##About:
Most magic mirror software solutions utilize the web browser for managing the mirror's display. However, the web browser is a sandboxed environment limiting the type plugins that can be made to only run within the browser--preventing hardware interaction with external devices and generating persistent data through interacting with the mirror. 

Features include:
* Support for plugins written in any programming language! 
* An API for any program to update their own web display and web configuration
* An API for managing plugins with built in web interface (enabling/disabling plugins + re-arranging plugins) 
* Built in scheduler for running short lived scripts/programs and redirecting their output onto the mirror display
* Easy to add/remove plugins, no coding necessary; just drag and drop them into the necessary folder!

##Wiki
Please refer to the Wiki for further details on setup, operation, and plugin development.
[The Wiki] (../../wiki)

Commit message:

Update readme to reflect new repo name

README.md, after:

# Smart Reflect Server
A modular Smart Mirror software solution with API's for external hardware interaction.


##About:
Most smart mirror software solutions utilize the web browser for managing the mirror's display. However, the web browser is a sandboxed environment limiting the type plugins that can be made to only run within the browser--preventing hardware interaction with external devices and generating persistent data through interacting with the mirror. 

Features include:
* Support for plugins written in any programming language! 
* An API for any program to update their own web display and web configuration
* An API for managing plugins with built in web interface (enabling/disabling plugins + re-arranging plugins) 
* Built in scheduler for running short lived scripts/programs and redirecting their output onto the mirror display
* Easy to add/remove plugins, no coding necessary; just drag and drop them into the necessary folder!

##Wiki
Please refer to the Wiki for further details on setup, operation, and plugin development.
[The Wiki] (../../wiki)
